238 update documentation (#260)
Rigtch/rigtch-fm-api: docs/project-setup.md

# Project Setup

## Installation

> Make sure to have installed right version of Node.js in nvm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you have the right version of Node.js installed in nvm.
```
